README.md, before:

dumbo_control
=============
Overview
---------------------------------------------
This metapackage contains [Dumbo's][1] low level control and hardware interface of Schunk arms + parallel gripper and force-torque sensors following the [ros_control][2] framework. 

[1]: https://cvapwiki.csc.kth.se/dokuwiki/doku.php?id=dumbo
[2]: http://wiki.ros.org/ros_control

Installation
---------------------------------------------

Make sure you have **sudo rights!**. The (soft-) low level realtime hardware control loop requires sudo rights to be able to run the control thread with a **realtime scheduler**. If you don't have sudo rights you can comment out the following line in the CMakeLists.txt of the **dumbo_hw_control_loop** package:

<code>
  add_custom_command(
    TARGET ${PROJECT_NAME}
    COMMAND ${CMAKE_CURRENT_SOURCE_DIR}/scripts/set_root_hw_control_loop.sh
    ${CATKIN_DEVEL_PREFIX}/${CATKIN_GLOBAL_LIB_DESTINATION}/${PROJECT_NAME} ${PROJECT_NAME} 
  )
</code>

dumbo_hardware_interface
---------------------------------------------
This package contains the hardware interface to several of Dumbo's components:
* Schunk arms
* Schunk parallel gripper (PG70)
* Force-torque sensors

dumbo_hw_control_loop
---------------------------------------------
This package contains the (soft) realtime control loop that has access to Dumbo's HW components described in the **dumbo_hardware_interface** package. Controllers can be dynamically loaded to the [controller manager][3] that runs in this loop. 

This low-level control loop has been designed according to the **ros_control** specifications. Please look at the documentation of the [ros_control][4] package in the ROS wiki as well as the wiki in the package's [github repository][5].

[3]: http://wiki.ros.org/controller_manager
[4]: http://wiki.ros.org/ros_control
[5]: https://github.com/ros-controls/ros_control

Commit message:

eliminated script for setting to root during compilation, now doing passwordless sudo to run hw control loop

README.md, after:

dumbo_control
=============
Overview
---------------------------------------------
This metapackage contains [Dumbo's][1] low level control and hardware interface of Schunk arms + parallel gripper and force-torque sensors following the [ros_control][2] framework. 

[1]: https://cvapwiki.csc.kth.se/dokuwiki/doku.php?id=dumbo
[2]: http://wiki.ros.org/ros_control

Installation
---------------------------------------------

Make sure you have **sudo rights!**. The (soft-) low level realtime hardware control loop requires sudo rights to be able to run the control thread with a **realtime scheduler**. 

To be able to run the hw control loop with passwordless sudo you need to add the some lines to the **sudoers** file.

First run the following command to be able to edit the sudoers file:
  sudo visudo

Then add the following lines at the end of the file:

  <user_name> ALL = NOPASSWD: /home/<user_name>/catkin_ws/devel/lib/dumbo_hw_control_loop/dumbo_hw_control_loop

  Defaults        env_keep+="ROS_MASTER_URI ROS_DISTRO ROS_ETC_DIR ROSLISP_PACKAGE_DIRECTORIES ROS_PACKAGE_PATH ROS_ROOT ROS_TEST_RESULTS_DIR"

Where <user_name>  is your user name. 


dumbo_hardware_interface
---------------------------------------------
This package contains the hardware interface to several of Dumbo's components:
* Schunk arms
* Schunk parallel gripper (PG70)
* Force-torque sensors

dumbo_hw_control_loop
---------------------------------------------
This package contains the (soft) realtime control loop that has access to Dumbo's HW components described in the **dumbo_hardware_interface** package. Controllers can be dynamically loaded to the [controller manager][3] that runs in this loop. 

This low-level control loop has been designed according to the **ros_control** specifications. Please look at the documentation of the [ros_control][4] package in the ROS wiki as well as the wiki in the package's [github repository][5].

[3]: http://wiki.ros.org/controller_manager
[4]: http://wiki.ros.org/ros_control
[5]: https://github.com/ros-controls/ros_control
